Add A CONTRIBUTING.md (#205)
PaperMC/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to PaperMC Docs

Thank you for considering contributing to the PaperMC Docs repository! We appreciate your help in making our documentation better. 
To ensure a smooth and collaborative contribution process, please follow the guidelines below.

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [How to add a page](#adding-a-page)
3. [Submitting Contributions](#submitting-contributions)
4. [Style Guidelines](#style-guidelines)
5. [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

## Introduction

The PaperMC Docs repository contains the documentation for the PaperMC project, which is used to provide essential 
information, instructions, and guidelines to our users, developers, and contributors. Your contributions play a 
significant role in improving and maintaining the quality of our documentation.

> We use Docosaurus to build and deploy the documentation website. The Docs Page is hosted on Vercel, which supports automatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) to build and deploy the documentation website. The documentation site is hosted on Vercel, which supports automatic
```

> CI/CD deployments from the main branch. The website is available at [https://docs.papermc.io](https://docs.papermc.io).

Reviewer: Vercel also does deployments for all PR branches, though I'm not too sure how important it is to even mention vercel here, its not really material to contributions except that when you open a PR, vercel deploys that in a separate instance to you and others can view the site.

> Using Docosaurus means that there are guides for how to write the documentation. You can find the Docosaurus documentation at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Docusaurus means that there are guides for how to write the documentation. You can find the Docusaurus documentation at
```

> [https://docusaurus.io/docs/category/guides](https://docusaurus.io/docs/category/guides). The documentation is written 

Reviewer: Saying `The documentation` after saying where to find the Docusaurus documentation makes it sound like *Docusaurus'* documentation is written in markdown, when I think you are talking about our documentation. Maybe just make the first occurrence of the word Docusaurus a hyperlink to the docs.

---

# Paper Plugins

This documentation page serves to explain all the new semantics and possible confusions that Paper plugins may introduce.
```

This will place the page at the `/paper/reference/paper-plugins` URL on the website. The slug should be unique and follow the   
folder structure of the documentation. The title is the name of the page that will be displayed on the website and in the sidebar.

You must also add the page to the sidebar. In this instance we will go to the `config/sidebar.paper.ts` file and
add the file to the `items` tag for that section. You must use the file structure for that file. One Example would be 
`admin/reference/paper-plugins` where you omit the file extension and use slashes to denote folders. Take a look at the 
existing sidebar elements to get a feel for how it is structured.

## Submitting Contributions

If you wish to contribute to the PaperMC Docs, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository to your GitHub account.

2. Create a new branch from the `main` branch.

3. Make your changes or add new documentation following the style guidelines mentioned below.

4. Commit your changes and push them to your fork.

> 5. Submit a pull request (PR) to the `main` branch of the Docs repository.

Reviewer: Perhaps here is a good place to mention vercel deployments of your PR.

6. Your PR will be reviewed, and feedback may be provided if necessary.

7. Once your contribution meets the guidelines and requirements, it will be merged into the main repository.

## Style Guidelines

To maintain consistency and readability across the documentation, please adhere to the following style guidelines:

> 1. **American English**: All documentation should be written in American English. Please use American spellings, grammar, and punctuation.

Reviewer: Gotta be a website somewhere that covers the main differences for anyone who doesn't know all the quirks. Could be good to link that here

Reviewer 2: idk if the site is any good, but they list the Our/or, ize/ise, yse/yze ae-oe/e, ence/ense, ogue/og spellings quite nice: https://www.oxfordinternationalenglish.com/differences-in-british-and-american-spelling/

Author: it’s got the word oxford in it so shrug

# Contributing to PaperMC Docs

Thank you for considering contributing to the PaperMC Docs repository! We appreciate your help in making our documentation better. 
To ensure a smooth and collaborative contribution process, please follow the guidelines below.

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [How to add a page](#adding-a-page)
3. [Submitting Contributions](#submitting-contributions)
4. [Style Guidelines](#style-guidelines)
5. [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

## Introduction

The PaperMC Docs repository contains the documentation for the PaperMC project, which is used to provide essential 
information, instructions, and guidelines to our users, developers, and contributors. Your contributions play a 
significant role in improving and maintaining the quality of our documentation.

We use [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) to build and deploy the documentation website. 

> Using Docusaurus means that there are guides for how to write the documentation. You can find the Docusaurus documentation

Reviewer: This `Using Docusaurus means that there are guides...` bit feels out of place. Perhaps combine that and the next sentence to something like
`Docusarus has extensive documentation detailing what is possible with it.` and then link over `extensive documentation`

[here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/category/guides).

Our Docs are written in Markdown, which is a simple markup language that is easy to learn. 

> Take a look at some of the existing documentation to get a feel for how it is written.

Reviewer: I would say, instead of "our docs", "The bulk of Paper's documentation is written with Markdown"
